CLASS REFLECTION 04/03/26

1. I believe a piece of e-literature has to do with what can't be done in print. The interactivity of it, how it can use sound, the visual aspects to it; all things unique to the medium. 
2. My favourite device might have been the one used in First Draft of the Revolution, however it wasn't my favourite experience. Shade was something I'd seen before but it did the choose-your-own-adventure trope in a clever way. As Cris said you can't just do whatever you want, there are semi-strict commands that must be entered to move the story foward. I got a lot more 'That's not a verb I recognize.' than any story. It was funnish. As discussed in class, more a puzzle than a literary experience. I like FDOTR for the device - as it's interactive while still being very literary - but I wasn't into the story. I might use the mechanics of it for my project - the way you can rewrite the letter based on the character's motives and how you want them to convey themselves. It's a bit Telltale, if you know those games: 'will they like what I've written or not?'.
3. I don't expect, more _want_, to be a coding wizard (hah) but to most importantly create a digital writing project that I'm proud of. I already have lofty ideas based on the examples we've been looking at in class and those referenced in the readings. Looking forward to maybe advancing my career through this class as Jenny Hedley had. 

CLASS REFLECTION 12/03/26

I find Jenny's take on A.I. quite refreshing to be honest. I used to be a hardline A.I. hater, flat-out refusing GPT usage in any capacity. But over the years it's been alive I've tooled around with it and found it in some cases to be useful. I might use it to find out the tuning of a beat I'm hopping on, or maybe I'll ask it what should I do to fix a hole in my shoe, and sometimes I ask it to check my grammar with mixed results, I haven't fallen in love with A.I. - especially with the bilge writing style chatgpt produces (and honestly? — honestly! ✨) - but I have come around to it more over the years. I read a comment that was like 'I regret A.I. being a thing in my lifetime', and yeah I think everyone does, however it's here, it's not going away. I regret its saturation in every area of the internet, Google A.I. overview being the absolute worst. 
I don't use A.I. for any writing usage whatsoever. I think people are subconsciously taking in A.I. language unfortunately so it makes it difficult not to repeat A.I. rubbish sometimes. But really that's my only hardline with A.I., just the way it speaks, it grosses me out, it sickens me. I'm not going to police peoples' usage of it tbh though. Use it for art, for coding, for this for that. But don't let the gross language change you. I don't know if any of it is ethical, but I do think it's useful. We've seen it work in the medical field, where A.I. discovered a woman's breast cancer way earlier than any human would. I think A.I. memes are quite funny and useful if not only for entertainment, which isn't a very ethical goal is it lol. I think with A.I. a lot of people have a kind of existential nihilistic view of it, like nothing matters, so use A.I.

CLASS REFLECTION 26/06/26

I want to create a world of blogs written different fictional characters within a story that is told non-linearly and have it all be connected. On a personal level I love stories that kind of mimic the dysfunctional world we live in now such as Infinite Jest, I want to create a series of stories set around Melbourne in a fictional suburb that all relate to each other. I want to have a diverse set of characters that are all united over one thing or event or person. I want to have it so it’s a literal world of blogs, a black abyss with little icons of blog posts to press on, similar to going down an internet rabbit hole. I want to create an internet experience like web surfing and scrolling through random instagram posts or blog posts but not have it be self-contained, make it a literary experience that is soul-satisfying for the reader. So basically it’s an internet experience that isn’t so soul-sucking like they usually are; a positive internet experience. 

CLASS REFLECTION IN RESPONSE TO FLORES:

Q: What defines the ‘Three Generations’ of E-Lit that Flores refers to?

The first-generation of E-lit is outlined in N. Katherine Hayles' (2007) work, 'Electronic Literature: What is it?'. In it she describes the first generation work being limited by slower technology, where graphics were shoddy and a focus was placed purely on text. The second-generation is defined by those who used the faster and newer technology of the web to create work that was more interactive and flashier, implementing things like quicktime and more game elements. The third-generation work is really where we are now: memes, and instagram text posts, work that is kind of divorced from the Electronic Literature lineage, and came about through the apps people frequently use and play with.

CLASS REFLECTION 25/03/26

All four games had different mapping. I would say Untitled is plot as interplay or vector with side branches. Real estate one is maybe Sea anenome but is a structure that always loops back to the start with disimilar journeys and that's not exactly sea anenome. I liked the untilted one, I'm annoyed that it _looks_ like twine has been used, if I was going to make my piece on twine I would make it look like twine has not been used. 
